Logging (#33)
victoriyaforsythe/PyIRI: CHANGELOG.md

  construction of the EDP for the final result.
* Changed E-region height from 120 km to 110 km.
* Added a link in the docs to the journal publication.

> * Print statements were deleted or replaces with logged. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Print statements were deleted or replaced with logging messages. 
```
